"October 24, 2024"       "Floor 55: Grandzam"
I understand the situation.
I'll explain it to the rest of the guild.
There's that, and we're also requesting
temporary leave from the guild.
Why is that?
I'm starting to question the current
state of the Knights of the Blood Oath.
Very well.
However,
you'll return to
the battlefield before long.
"October 25, 2024"        "Floor 22"
What an amazing view!
Don't get too close
to the edge and fall.
We bought a nice house.
Although we're totally broke now.
But we can live in peace here.
Kirito?
What's wrong?
Hey, Asuna...
Does our relationship
only exist in this world?
You're making me angry, Kirito.
Even if this is a virtual world,
my feelings are real.
There's just one thing
I've learned here.
To keep doing your best till the end.
If we make it back to the real world,
I'll find you again, no matter what.
And fall in love with you again.
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...
"The Girl of Morning Dew"
Normally, he's so brazen.
But then he can be
surprisingly naïve or like a little kid.
He's not younger than me, is he?
Kirito...
I love you. Let's be
together forever, okay?
Good morning, Kirito.
Morning...
D-Did you hear what I just said?
Hear what?
N-Nothing!
Anyway, where should
we go play today?
You know...
We played yesterday and
the day before, for the whole day.
So you don't want
to go out and have fun?
Oh, I know a place
that could be fun.
So where are we going?
You'll find out when we get there.
--Hey, carry me on your shoulders!
--C-Carry you?
It's no fun always seeing
things from the same height.
--It'll be easy with your STR parameter.
--W-Well, maybe, but...
--Aren't you a little old for that?
--Age doesn't matter.
Come on, no one's watching.
O-Oh, fine...
--If you turn around, I'll slap you!
--Isn't that kind of unreasonable?
Ready.
I can already see
the lake from here.
I can't...
Then I'll carry you later.
Now let's go!
Set our course, north-northeast!
Right.
That scared me.
It's not as if nobody's watching...
I guess there are people around.
--Go on. Wave back, Kirito.
--Not doing it.
Should I get down?
Hang on tight!
I heard a rumor
in the village yesterday.
Here, deep in the forest,
they're known to appear.
What are?
Ghosts.
D-Do you mean astral-type monsters?
No, no. Real ghosts.
They say the hatred
of monsters hunted here
takes form and
wanders the field nightly.
And we're nearly there...
The place mentioned in the rumors?
About a week ago,
a woodcrafter came to find wood.
As he focused on
gathering it, night fell.
And he caught a glimpse of
something white beneath a nearby tree.
A monster or something else?
The white shadow walked
slowly into a nearby grove of trees.
H-H-H-Hey!
L-L-Let me down!
What's wrong?
K-Kirito, over there.
What is it?
You gotta be kidding...
That's...
That's no ghost!
W-Wait, Kirito!
Jeez...
Sh-She's a player?
This is pretty strange.
Strange?
There's no cursor.
Some kind of bug?
Probably.
Why is a little kid
like this playing SAO?
At any rate, we can't leave her.
We can figure things out once
she wakes up. Let's take her home.
Yeah.
One thing's for sure.
Since we were able to move
her here, she can't be an NPC.
That's true...
Picking up an NPC would have
given you a harassment warning.
And she isn't a quest giver either.
If she were, our quest log
would have been updated.
Which means she's a player after all,
one who lost her way back there.
That's the most likely scenario.
But what was she doing out there?
I don't know what her situation is,
but maybe she has parents or guardians?
Yeah, she must've logged
in with her family, right?
I hope they're safe.
Hey, she'll wake up, right?
Yeah, if her body hasn't disappeared,
signals are traveling to
and from her NerveGear.
I think she's in a sleeplike state.
So I'm sure she'll wake up eventually.
Yeah.
Hey, Kirito?
Honestly.
If...
If she entered SAO all alone...
If she's been alone in
this world for so long...
Good night.
I hope you wake up tomorrow.
K-Kirito! Wake up, Kirito!
Morning... What's wrong?
Hurry! Get over here!
Thank goodness you woke up.
Do you remember what happened?
I see...
What's your name?
Can you tell me?
N-Name...
My name...
Yui?
Yui... That's my name.
Yui, huh? That's a nice name.
I'm Asuna. This is Kirito.
Auna?
Kito?
Hey, Yui, what were
you doing in the forest?
Are your mom and dad somewhere?
I don't know...
I don't know anything.
That's awful.
Hello, Yui.
Can I call you Yui?
Okay. Then I want
you to call me Kirito.
Kito?
It's Kirito. Ki-ri-to.
Kito.
Maybe it's a little hard. You can
call me whatever's easiest for you.
Daddy.
Me?
Auna is Mommy.
That's right. I'm your mommy, Yui!
Mommy!
Daddy! Mommy!
You must be hungry! Let's eat.
Yeah!
Here you go. This one's yours, Yui.
Yui, this is super spicy.
I want the same one as Daddy.
I see. If you think
you're ready, I won't stop you.
Everything in life
is an experience!
It's good...
She's got guts. Tonight, we'll do
a full extra-spicy challenge course.
Jeez, don't get carried away!
I'm not cooking that!
--You heard her.
--You heard her?
What do you think, Kirito?
She doesn't seem
to have any memories.
But more importantly,
from the look of things...
It's like she's regressed into a baby.
I... I...
I'm sorry. I don't know what to do...
You want to take care of her
until she regains her memory, right?
Yeah, but...
It's a dilemma.
If we don't get back to the front lines,
it'll be that much longer till she's freed.
Yeah.
Let's do what we can for now.
Given her gear, I can't imagine
she's been out in the field every day.
Let's check the Town of Beginnings
first for any of her family members.
Right.
I don't want to say
goodbye to her, either.
Kirito?
I don't know how to express it.
It hasn't been long.
But having her here has
made this feel like a real home.
It just feels that way.
Yeah.
But it's not like we'll never see her again.
And if she has a family or guardian,
they're probably worried right now.
Yeah. When she wakes up,
we'll go to the Town of Beginnings.
Make sure you can pull your weapons
out quickly. That place is Army territory.
We should keep our guard up.
Mommy...
Daddy.
"October 31, 2024"       "Floor 1: Town of Beginnings"
I haven't been here in ages.
Me neither.
Yui, do you remember
any of these buildings?
I don't know.
Well, the Town of
Beginnings is really big.
Let's start at the central market.
Hey, Kirito...
How many players are here currently?
Hmm, let's see...
About 6,000 players
are still alive in SAO.
Around 30 percent are in the Town
of Beginnings, including the Army...
Maybe less than 2,000?
Then isn't the place a little empty?
You're right.
Give back the children!
Hey, it's the day-care lady.
We've been waiting for you!
Return the children!
You make it sound like
we're doing something bad.
We're just teaching them
how things work around here.
This is also one of
the Army's key duties.
That's right. Because
citizens have a duty to pay taxes.
Ginn! Cain! Mina!
Are you over there?
Miss Sasha!
Save us!
Forget the money.
Just give it all to them!
That's not good enough!
You guys owe a hell
of a lot of back taxes.
So you need to leave your
equipment, along with all your armor.
Every last piece.
Get...
Get out of the way!
Or else...
It's okay.
Put your equipment back on.
R-Right.
Hey. What's this?
Who the hell are you guys?
You mean to interfere
with our mission?
Well, hold on.
I haven't seen you around before...
You know what it means to defy
the Liberation Army, don't you?
Kirito, take care of Yui.
Right.
Don't worry.
In a safe zone, your HP
won't take a hit, no matter what.
That's right. There's just
a mild knock-back effect.
But on the other hand, safe-zone fights
leave you with a sense of terror.
Don't!
D-Don't just stand there!
Do something!
Wow.
That was amazing, big sister!
--I've never seen anything like that!
--Yeah, you were so cool!
--Thank you.
--Thanks!
I wanna try too!
See? Your mom's
crazy strong, isn't she?
Everyone's...
Everyone's hearts...
Yui?
--Yui, what's wrong?
--Everyone's hearts...
Yui?
Yui, did you remember something?
I... I...
I wasn't here...
I was always alone in the dark...
--Yui!
Mommy, I'm scared...
Mommy...
What was that, just now?
Yui.
The tolling of the faraway bells
sounded a little lonely to me
So I tried harder, one more time,
this time soaring higher, all the way up
Neither this reality that just keeps repeating itself
Nor all my wishes, as numerous as the stars
Now that I've found the tomorrow
I should strive for
None of them can overcome these feelings of mine
A world without end, opening up before my eyes
Even if it's no more than a dream
Even if I'm still lost, deep in my heart, it is strong
Echoing forever and ever
Shining softly, ever so softly
Next Time: "Yui's Heart."